Name: Smrithi Manickam  
CRUZ ID: smmanick  
  
  
#### ASSIGNMENT 2 README: A Small Numerical Library
  
  
##### FILES:  
  
**math.c**: This file contains the code for calculating  
the sin(x), cos(x), tan(x), and e^x approximations and  
displaying the output, as well as comparing them to the  
numerical library calculations.
  
  
**Makefile**: This file is used to compile the math.c file.  
Type "make" or "make all" to compile the code. Then type  
"./math" to display the options you can enter. The options  
should be "-s" to run the sin tests, "-c" to run the cos  
tests, "-t" to run the tan tests, "-e" to run the exponent  
tests, and "-a" to run all the tests. You would enter these  
options like: "./math -s" or "./math -a". Only one option is  
supposed to be entered at one time. If you enter multiple  
like: "./math -sct", then the program will output all the  
functions you entered, in the order of Sin, Cos, Tan, Exp,  
regardless of the order you entered the options in. If you  
separate each option with a '-', for example: "./math -s -c"  
the program will do nothing.  
  
Type "make clean" to remove all the files that are compiler  
generated.  
  
No complaints were generated by "make infer". The math.c file  
should also be clang formatted.  
    
**DESIGN.pdf**: This file contains the pseudocode for the  
assignment.  
  
**WRITEUP.pdf**: This file contains an explanation of the  
results and an explanation of the differences between the  
approximated values and the library values.  
  
**README.md**  

  
##### SUMMARY OF THE ASSIGNMENT:  
  
This assignment implements C programming code to approximate  
basic trigonometric functions using Pade Approximant (Horner  
Normal Form) formulas, and the Taylor Series. The user enters  
the functions that they wish to test, and the program outputs  
the approximations based on the given formulas above, the  
C library values of the trig functions, and the differences  
between the approximated values and library values. The diff-  
erences are calculated by subtracting the library values from  
the approximated values.  
  
The sin function calculates the sin approximated values between  
a range of [-2pi, 2pi] with steps of [pi/16].  
  
The cos function calculates the cos approximated values between  
a range of [-2pi, 2pi] with steps of [pi/16].  
  
The tan function calculates the tan approximated values between  
a range of [-pi/3, pi/3) wth steps of [pi/16].  
  
The exponent function calculates the e^x approximated values between  
a range of [0, 9] with steps of 0.1.  

  


